Bachelor project "Dream website" for VIA University College by Osvaldas Rokas, Marius Jurksaitis, Andrius Baliutavicius.

------- Background description ---------
Today, we can see that people lack of happiness and inspiration in their lives.
 They just skip days one by one. They lack of inspiration. They cannot find clear
  reason to wake up in morning. We think, that is impossible to enjoy your life, 
  if you don’t have purpose for living, you don’t have dreams.
Sure, we know, that we should have purpose. But harder question is: how to dream 
and achieve something? How to stay motivated? Self-help authors, especially Og 
Mandino, Napoleon Hill, and Robin Sharma suggest us these ways:
* See end before you begin
* Write your daily notes of your achievements, goals
* Get support from friends and relatives
* Dream
Our bachelor project idea is based on those suggestions and our motivation to make 
at least few people happier with their lives.
We are planning to make a website in which any person could register. The main 
websites purpose is going to be writing down and keeping track of your goals. Since 
it’s always easier to achieve goals with support, users will be allowed to see each 
other goals, comment on them, share knowledge and advices. Each user will have its 
own profile with all his goals which include current goals, completed goals and 
goals to make in the future. Near his own goals user will always see a couple of 
suggestion or similar goals of other persons. For example if a person got a goal 
to hitchhike through particular country he might see other peoples comments or 
articles about their experience hitchhiking there or an article about good hitchhiking
 routes and places to see on the way.
This website is not supposed to be another facebook or twitter. It’s supposed to help 
people achieve their goals and find new ones. It’s always easier to do something if you
 have some support from someone. Some people just need a little ‘’Kick in the butt’’ 
 to start doing what they really want and this website is supposed to be it. You will 
 not only write your dreams here but you will also find stories of other people and 
 see how they did it so you will have more courage to do it yourself.

------ Developer guide -----------------

------ Error message reporting ---------

Some function requires return of Error array, in case of failure. Error array must be in following structure:

$error[0]['debug_msg'] = 'Failure in SQL query. Check it again';
$error[0]['error_no'] = '1085';
$error[0]['msg'] = 'Comment could not be added. Please try again later'; 

debug_msg - for debugging purposes. It is not visible to final customer
error_no - for debugging purposes. For example SQL error number. Not visible to user
msg - error message which is visible to user.
 